# 3 things I'm grateful for - December 2021

* reminder to commit right after! 

## 12/24/21

- wicked movie yesterday. didn't expect an ... actual puppet baby.
- brunch was wonderful. eggs, sosej, pancakes, cookies, toast, coffee. ahh.
- ad-hoc jamming is also fun. 


## 12/23/21

- who would have thought we'd get _this_ much rain? yay!
- when the train is on time, everything is well with the world.
- not having to "seriously" work is nice, and i should enjoy it. i'm very lucky. (since no customers are around, coworkers are gone, and documentation needs to be studied..)


## 12/22/21

- My SO seems to have figured out what she has. She plans to stick it to the doctor tomorrow. 
- Have you just tried... frying the bread? That's what I just did.
- Thanks mom, for the amazing foresight. Now, my cold sores can be at piece.

## 12/21/21
I can keep rerouting, but it's going to take me the same time anyway.

- Drive back home was long. But no accidents or crazy incidents. Also, the LA county portion wasn't the bad one, it was the OC portion. Go figure!
- The new vac sealer I have is amazing. Oh, boy.
- Covid test kits are now available for at home tests. Amazing.

## 12/20/21
It's cold outside.

- I love how large the "self proofing" croissant (i didn't know how to spell..) gets. Wonderful.
- Picked up a handy trick from the baristas, who just put the coffee -> thermos and pour out from thermos. Why didn't I ever think of that?
- Morning jog to grab some groceries. Ahh!

## 12/19/21
Man...

- It's nice to not be too far away from the ER when we need to go. Even if it's for peace of mind.
- The Row @ DTLA is looking fresher and better. Ah... thanks to HighTide always for being the yearly place to visit for planners.
- Made the nice kona coffee... it was wonderful


## 12/18/21
:o early morning rooster.

- Being woken up and being treated to a cacophony of rooster screeches is certainly one of a kind.
- Dangerously strong rain on the way back, but being in a nice car for shelter is always great.
- Slept like a log. Not too sore considering.

It's time to go home.


## 12/17/21
Final day of vacay, and phone is back.

- You never know when you have a chance to make something right. Phone has been retrieved.
- Kayaking is exhausting. Sand bar was wonderful, and I have friction burns on my thumbs from improper rowing.
- Malasadas are amazing and I want them more and more. Especially the one with the haupia.



## 12/16/21
...phone found?

- Just got a call from the place we went to for afternoon tea... phone has been found. Wao.
- Diamond head was wonderful.
- Those pastries + kona coffee this morning... devilishly good...

## 12/15/21
Brown down, phone down.

- Negi got a new phone today. :/ It could have been a lot worse!
- Being battered by waves is tiring, but I saw many, many fishies.
- A loco moco the night before... so amazing. + wine.


## 12/14/21
Almost time for brown.

- This drip coffee from the prince is potent. And dangerously good.
- I learned how to fold a shirt the "better" way. Still have a long way to go before mastery though.
- I'm truly fortunate that I can literally not work for a week and not suffer any repercussions what so ever. 


## 12/13/21
Oops, I'm outside.

- There's a certain joy in planning. I can't explain it. Most of it ends up not being used, but the fact is, you've been processing information for some time and you can adapt faster.
- Foodland is truly, food land. I can't get enough of how much variety was there!
- Re? watching terrace house to get some good spots. Very good.

Note to self: you can wake up early, just don't disturb your SO. Or your day will be not so pleasant.

## 12/12/21
Typing this out after a very filling afternoon..

- I had spam musubi to the point of not wanting any more for the rest of the trip. It was all great, though.
- Can you believe that one small drip coffee was all I needed to make me realize that this was great? 
- I didn't forget how to bike yet. YET!

## 12/11/21
It's vacay time!

- thank you, walgreens, for having a bathroom i can use.
- the package arrived ahead of schedule. bless.
- when i see a dirty kitchen, i go... time to clean!

## 12/10/21
So... soon to forget to write one!

- fortunate that i found out (not from my own research...) that hawai'i has travel requirements. last second rush to prep
- how much of a crazy planner i used to be... and still am
- i pushed super hard over the last 2-3 days - it was good to take a breather and just nap.

## 12/09/21
Hmm. What is this mythical, "work life balance"

- Early morning lesson brings me joy. I can't explain why teaching just "feels right"
- Started watching a "ultra religious" kdrama where people are told the time of their death. and then get pulverized by gorillas. ooh..
- My steamed fish surprisingly was fantastic! Ahh... 


## 12/08/21
I'm sad that I keep missing 3 days in a row. At least I'm catching up.

- Finally got around to submitting that repair request for the sink. It'll be taken care of today.
- SO is stable and was in a good mood. We had a hotpot yesterday and watched a show about mushrooms.
- Very uneventful drive back this morning while I thought about work stuff.

## 12/07/21
I drove up super early in the AM.

- (initially a good thing later turned a bit sour) SO had some friends from out of state over, and they got along well. 
- Had a bit too much coffee the day before and was overdosed all day, it was nice to only have residual headaches the day after. 
- Got hit with a large task from the big boss, which concerned my current boss (who knew big boss from previous company). Lots to learn, little time.



## 12/06/21
Guess who forgot to do this again for 3 days. This guy!

- Never been to the citadel _outlets_ before. In my youth, I wrote a fanfiction about a mythical assassin stronghold ... ...
- Had a nice lunch with Dad since he wanted to scratch the korean food itch. He found the banchan excellent (his soup arrived late, so we went through 2 helpings) - note to self, he loves the radish..
- Had a very interesting experience recommending energy/breakfast bars to Mom over video chat to fill up the suitcase. 

## 12/05/21
Maintaining this even when life is tough is the real win.

- Great day with dad as the "uber" driver. Got to get some impromptu golf lessons. He did love the driving range!
- I got stuffed with a large hotel breakfast yesterday. 
- I'm staying with my decision to keep my nose out of my SO's business and let her drive her current situation with her friend as she sees fit. It's the right thing to do.


## 12/04/21
Agh. Rolled out of bed, straight to driving. Forgot this entry.
- Excellent izakaya dinner. Dad and my SO got along quite well.
- SO trying to dress up to impress brought a tear to my eye. She tries so much and I love it
- Mom also dressing up to impress (i didn't even ask!) also impressed. Ah.

## 12/03/21
2 very important parts of life are about to meet.

- Wonderful soon tofu yesterday for dinner. Craving satisfied.
- Switched to a new manager (knew it was coming) and he insisted on understand everything that I wanted, work style, etc. Off to a good start.
- I was able to sleep in today, just "because". Glad that I don't have a schedule which would kill me because I oversleep. (yet)


## 12/02/21
"cut from a different cloth / cut from the same cloth" - why is this in my brain, why?

- Getting complimented by former boss and new boss is simultaneously great and also awkward. I'll take it.
- Day after the first round submissions feels orgasmic. 
- 

## 12/01/21
Deadlines.

- Chipotle tacos are nice, and the wait for them could have been... nicer?
- I prepped decently for submitting 4-5 apps with my SO. (the 5th one is a partial one with an extension)
- 