# 3 things I'm grateful for - November 2021

* reminder to commit right after! 

## 11/30/21
Changing my workplace on a dime is a nice privilege.

- T-1 day before the first round of apps go out. I'm giddy.
- Yesterday's recording session was cool! High quality media, chill sound dude, more bonding with performers.
- Played around with chrome extension development today. Blew my brain a bit that a small little gadget like that could be so intense. Happy that I bit the bullet and took a look!

## 11/29/21
Golly, talk about making up 3 days of gratefulness. Wow.

- I finally cleared A10 on Slay the spire! After.. a lot of failed attempts. And with a lot of wiki-ing and help, and a VERY large does of luck (thanks, dead branch)
- Got most of the "food prep" done in the early hours of the morning. Rice is portioned out, chicken is marinating, salmon is thawing out, soup is heating up, etc. Easier on me later this week. 
- Did morning exercise in my room. Shadowboxing, pushups, running in place, ab wheel. Feels good to have a nice clear space to do this in my own room!

## 11/28/21

- Had a nice coffee catchup with a dear friend. Was also given another bag of coffee.
- Really enjoyed running all over the place and playing ingress while skateboarding.
- Finally tossed out a whole ton of boxes that were on the balcony, rearranged the room, and cleaned it up again. Feels great!

## 11/27/21

- Had a wonderful udon lunch with an old friend who recently moved back into the area.
- The drive back home was all good (eye wise), but man, the jaw still feels a tad bit sore. It is WAY better now, though!
- SO's grad apps are fast closing in, and things are looking to be on schedule. She's confident, so I will be as well.

## 11/26/21
Late night driving not being done by me always feels good.

- Pecan pie and coffee were meant to be.
- Improvising to speed up cooking worked out better than expected. Truly. The pork hock was wonderful and perfect.
- I shot out all of the recommendation letter requests today in one gigantic push. Wow!


## 11/25/21
It's thanksgiving, oh my.

- Had a wonderful friendsgiving (#2). 
- My SO seems to want to pick up chess...
- Somehow, even though her recording was terrible (totally not her fault), we figured out a way around it. We'll re-record next week. 



## 11/24/21
We're committing TODAY. YES.

- My SO's recital was excellent. 
- The hunger I felt (and the satisfaction afterwards) was amazing.
- Lazy morning with milk and coffee and catching up.


## 11/23/21
Yes, I forgot.

- Relying less on drugs... always a challenge especially when you've been prescribed them.
- Making multiple trips for errands makes Jason a happy, useful man.
- Thanks for the earplugs that I always have handy...


## 11/22/21
Hmmm..

- Slept again like a baby last night. Great!
- Made some pretty bomb ramen. Even if it was instant, it was good.
- Yams are wonderful and soft are are oh, so good.

Is vaccination a duty, or is it a choice? (As a already vaccinated person who didn't think twice about it initially)

## 11/21/21
As you can tell, I forgot again to commit anything in the last few days.

- Eataly's tiramisu is divine. 
- Did you know that pancakes get soggy when you dip them in coffee, and you can just .. slurp them? Ahhh.
- I had a wonderful nap multiple times. My SO is resentful. My double gashes (right top and bottom) probably love it, though.

I look even more like a chipmunk. Agh...

## 11/20/21
Uneventful drive. Then the pain hit...

- I somehow managed to have beef along with my porridge. The beef was wonderful.
- Spent 3 hours on a couch while my SO was busy. Best rested.
- Drugs are a good thing when you are in pain.

I look like a chipmunk.

## 11/19/21
I have a tea bag hanging out of my mouth.

- Both teeth are out. I was in and out in less than an hour. Yes, they used a drill/saw/hammer to pull 'em out. They said I was brave. Ok, I'll take the credit just this once. Man, it's over!
- I have meds. I took them in the opposite order, but hopefully it'll still result in the same effect... oh man..
- I am so lucky I have a whole week off next week to just rest and recover. I'm one the super lucky ones for sure...

## 11/18/21
Oh my. It's soon..

- Got my meds for wisdom tooth extraction. So much more things than when I first got the top left one removed so very long ago. But I'm grateful that I'll be well taken care of.
- Had a lovely breakfast this morning with myself to replenish stuff after blood drawing. And got a interesting story about people who would come to blood drawing and sip a coffee and enjoy a view. Well, you do you... but I'm usually eager to get the hell out of there.
- Work is starting to come together. Was useful on today morning's call. Literally. Everyone else be wafflin, your boy be spittin.

Anyhow, I will be in a tad bit of pain tomorrow. BUT. My teeth won't be an issue and maybe they'll start naturally lining up right. So yay!

## 11/17/21
Forgot to do yesterday. It would be more accurate to say, when I remembered to do it, I was not near my computer...

- I did a successful run in slay the spire. So there was that. With the unconventional curse build! :) 
- Made a real great dinner. 
- Woke up nice and happy at ~6 AM, made tea. I can operate with less caffeine, so let's do it.

## 11/16/21
Ugh.

- Had BLK. It was sweet and strong, as always (and caused me pain) but hey. At least we don't need coffee to do work now. Also, what is with that croissant?
- I got the car back with no major issues besides (apparently) the transmission having just been rebuilt. I'll treat it with care. 
- I'm lucky to be so close to so many grocery stores. I can pop in and out in 10 minutes and be 5-10 minutes away. It's a boon, for sure.

## 11/15/21
I need to get out of bed better. So.. that means sleep prep. So.. that means, no late night runs of slay the spire. Bad me.

- In all actuality, I haven't had my ass handed to me 3 times in a row in a long time. Good to know that the games I play require a lot of brain and skill (and a LOT of luck) and I can't just button mash my way past.
- Made hot tea this morning. Seems to work as a nice trigger..
- Uneventful drive back home while listening to a new audiobook on cults. Surprised at how cults can be in our every day... and we might not even know it. (only the bad cults make the news)


## 11/14/21
Who doesn't like early morning bus rides?

- I agreed to take on another pupil. I hope this works out!
- This morning's ham and cheese croissant was so good it should be illegal, holy moly.
- I like to put my whole back into it when I speed read. But I hate doing it since I have to re-read, anyway.



## 11/13/21
Near miss.

- Lazy morning with social media, coffee, and overnight oats. Ahh.
- Went down a youtube spiral yesterday, learning about gladiators, pizza, and pirate grog. While also being very entertained...
- Looks like the car was a ticking timebomb, apparently there were issues with the transmission. Had I not taken it in, there may have been more issues. I need to treat my transmission better.

## 11/12/21
It's weird not working on a Friday. That thought.. itself is weird. 

- I might have the opportunity to mentor somebody again. I guess I need something to scratch that volunteering/TEALs itch.
- We have a nice dinner set up for tonight. Looking forwards to it!
- Got our towels (for the new kitchen setup) and I'm quite happy with that. 



## 11/11/21
Starting the day off by taking my car in... and grabbing a rental?

- Well, it's "free". So why wouldn't I take it? (with the exception of gassing it up a bit..) Also, waiting there forever didn't seem fun, either. This way, I can get some errands done.
- Going to try out this udon/soba place which I've always seen, but never had. Oh boy.. (no, I didn't go.)
- It's nice to work for an ultra-progressive company who respect veterans. Say what you will about advertising/marketing being the devil, but the work culture here is fantastic.


## 11/10/21
Cleaning up is tiring, but rewarding. 

- Had a chance to do a major re-org of the whole kitchen. Feeling pretty good about the pristine clean tabletop for once.
- Slept in. Ahhhh! Having my one extra hour is... nice.
- Having a very relaxed weekend ahead is nice, too.


## 11/09/21
I hate late night drives. Used to love them.. until one narrow incident where I almost dozed off. Now, I avoid them.

- Today, I got to see 2 types of drain snakes. Small snake, and large snake. 
- As bad as the backed up sink was, at least it didn't leak over to the carpet. Now, THAT would not be something I'd talk about here.
- We had popcorn chicken and watched the last episode of kdrama eating out on the balcony after cranking up the backlight to 100% on the TV. Amazing.

Sometimes, we bond best in times of hardship. 


## 11/08/21
I didn't expect to get into the pumpkin spice craze..

- But pumpkin spice pancakes are bomb. Had a whole bunch of them (small little medallion sized) this morning with maple syrup, and a nice coffee. AHH.
- Helping out the SO with a "social impact" statement. Ironically, my prior volunteering experience comes in handy here...
- Somehow, one of the big "fires" at work is resolved but I have no idea how or what I've done. The publisher isn't telling us what they did (IF they did anything).. so we're left to shake our heads.

## 11/07/21
I neglected to do this for 3 days. I'm really, really, slipping. But now, we're caught up.

- Had a wonderful morning cleaning, cleaning, cleaning house.
- Ordering some lunch. It arrived a bit late... as there was a marathon... but it was ok.
- I burned a pizza, but it was somewhat edible still. Also dropped half my squash soup, but the remnant was ok.

A lot of food related mistakes to learn from today.

## 11/06/21
Friendsgiving. Ahh.

- Pork was a hit. 2 of them vanished. Bubbles, bubbles galore. 
- Watched 21, and then 22 jump street. Never watched either. Great way to pass the time.
- Those cookies were absolutely sinful. 


## 11/05/21
A relatively bad situation in your books can be viewed as a challenge in mines, yes.

- I'm getting good at writing motivational messages. 
- Helping the SO with school applications is bringing out my old PM tendencies. Hello, my good old friend.
- No rice, no veg? Hold my hat....


## 11/04/21
... reading in the AM is wonderful.

- Not sure if I'm getting better. But I'm still alive!
- I've excited to begin cooking those pork hocks. I plan to try to boil them or steam them.
- I have the whole day (almost) to plan and think about my crawler!


## 11/03/21
Later in the evening. 

- The new show we're watching during meals is pretty good. Gang good, police bad? Oh no!
- The new pork knuckle is underway. Day 2 of the brine. Will extract out of brine tomorrow afternoon and cook all of my 4 knuckles. I edited the recipe again for the final iteration with the focus being on making the meat tastier while keeping it still moist, while the skin is still crispy. 
- I can vanish a bit when I'm not working (well.. I'm not exactly well!) and still be OK. That's very good.

Next time I'm a bit under the weather, I need to act faster.

## 11/02/21
I made this document late... if you are watching... I'm sorry. :(

- Those raisin sticks are really, really good. 
- Chilling a banana works wonders for the texture. Almost like... ice cream..
- Don't you just love the feeling of waking up in the morning and everything feels alright and at peace?

I'll only have ibuprofen if I need to... hah.. :weak_muscle_flex:

## 11/01/21

Agh....

- Had a nice quiet day just reading and recovering. Still sucks though, but we have meds.
- Had a lovely fantuan/rice roll in my morning gallop to get supplies before I inevitably became too weak in the afternoon.
- Lemon and water. A tried and true combo to ease the sadness.



