# 3 things I'm grateful for - October 2021

## 10/23/21
Blameless culture, blameless culture. Testing my script.

- Spent the AM doing some well needed reading on incident response. Thanks, Gergely.
- Bit the bullet and watched (speed marathon with a lot of fast forwarding) all of S3 of "You" last night with some wine with the SO.
- Actually had a good amount of "fun" at work. I decompiled an APK, improved my toolset a bit more, and read bytecode. Did all the crazy things that we shouldn't have to do if the world was perfect and resources were hanging on trees :) 

I find the mobile world so interesting. 
Android APKs allows for easy-ish decompilation and reverse engineering - iOS IPAs require jumping through many loopholes (and I STILL haven't done it)
But heaven forbid I try to use charles proxy to sniff an Android App without first decompiling it and recompiling it with a security xml.


## 10/22/21
Morning snuggles and piping hot hashbrowns.

- Wonderful simply breakfast - eggs, leftover pastry, hashbrowns, fruit. When I make something that simple, it can still be tasty? Yes.
- Cleaned the kitchen, organized recycling, and various other tidying up yesterday evening while listening to some music. I enjoyed that, too.
- Late night walk with the SO around the area as we mused about her PHD apps, next few weeks, and stuff. 

Time flies. Best enjoy the most of what you have - even the not so savory parts.
Also, taking a radical new approach on the pork knuckle.

## 10/21/21
Am I seriously lactose intolerant? Meh.

- On the podcast I listened today, there was a guest speaker. Really working on that chinese listening. 
- Went on a segway and learned a bit on how Mormons learn languages rapidly. It's full immersion. All gas, no braking. Drilled on the target language, no english allowed. 
- I tried to plan out at least just the AM for work. I feel a bit better knowing that I don't have to plan twice in the same morning period.


## 10/20/21
Yesterday was a lively night of song, dance, and a little rage.

- Not eating a proper meal for dinner lead to a trip to fat sal's. MMMMM. Sin.
- Got more groceries and ... more pork hock. We're going to try a round 3.
- Had a nice quiet day at home getting more stuff pounded out for work.
- Sneaking in one more - great piano recital by our friend, Andreas.

I completely forgot I was doing this and now I'm making up for it at night.

## 10/19/21
Haste... makes waste. And check for your keys. Always.

- SO had a major stomach bug last night which prompted a flurry of activity and almost a trip to the ER. Thankful it didn't get much worse and she was OK before we went to sleep. 
- I'm really fortunate to be able to work on something that interests me as well as in a high visibility role at work, and also think about (in a happy way) outside of work. Haven't been this wired in for a long time.
- Came back to a nice cup of coffee made for me by SO. Coupled with a nice bun, it's the best way to start the day...

If you are going to open a snack, make sure you reseal it tightly, or finish it soon. Mistakes were made by me.

## 10/18/21
Not being in my normal dwelling makes me a confused boy.

- I slept so, so well last night. Ahh.
- Got to play around with puppeteer today. Wow, it is so amazing. Chromium is so amazing. Also, you mean I can make multiple tabs and task each one to do my things? wot
- Took my SO to class today and spent some time reading/prototyping outside. I need to do that more often.

## 10/17/21
No coffee makes me a groggy lad.

- Had bagels this morning. The amount of cream cheese applied was sin.
- Went to donate some clothes - not all of them were taken, but we netted a good amount regardless.
- Saved myself a potentially wasted 30 minute trip downtown by calling ahead. No, no pork hock today. But luckily, I have round 2 all ready...


## 10/16/21
Now, we're all caught up.

- Dad dropped an interesting audio into the chat about "the secret of success", which wasn't really a secret. It's just "hard". This ties it really nicely with the habits book I was reading. :) I'm still listening, though. 
- Revisited a pho place which I hadn't been for almost 10 years. The last time I had gone there to actually eat there, I had biked there with my 1st year dorm mates. Ahh, time flies.
- Ended up driving to LA and cleaning up the whole house. Made myself extremely tired, but it was worth.


## 10/15/21
I.. didn't end up doing this. Don't break the chain!

- Had a nice chat with the boss man about the next few weeks, feeling a lot better about what he expects of me.
- Squid game is not a show I'd recommend watching over dinner. It is a great show though.
- The Shweinshaxe v1 was ok, skin needs improvement. 


## 10/14/21
So when I forget to make my morning coffee at the right time, this goes out the window!

- I did the taste test comparison this morning. Yes. For whatever reason, microwaving the beans before grinding them for my pourover...BIG difference. I did a blind taste as well and... wow. Night and day.
- Got my first big boy dev task. Web crawling, here we go.
- I cleaned that nasty nasty shopvac and realized a hidden function that I never used! Ah well...

Knuckle is undergoing heating. Will report back tomorrow on results..

## 10/13/21
My desk is starting to fill up. Mental note to keep it clean...

- things are going well for my SO's recital. she nabbed 2-3 really good friends already to help her out who have known her style/prior pieces.  
- i'm trying a new type of fig bar today! wooo.
- I brought a couple of things - a wifi extender (since I broke my ultra long blue snake), and stuff for the schweinshaxe. :)

It's going to be a fun time with the knuckle.

## 10/12/21
I forgot to buy bananas! Agh! No bananas today! Also, I am sneezing and my nose is always running.

- My pork hocks have arrived. They are massive. I'll begin prepping them tonight. Thinking I'll make one (for thursday) and let another one dry out even more (to be cooked friday or saturday)
- It's refreshing to have my morning podcasts on a elliptical. Does things to the mood, for sure.
- Went to a lovely cafe yesterday to catch up with a friend. That place looked straight out of europe. Wow.

Did you know you could use your laptop to call using your phone. 

## 10/11/21
It's COLD today. Somebody yanked the heat out of my day.

- I neglected to mention that I had ordered a pork hock that is going to show up today. I'm trying to make Schweinshaxe (crispy pork knuckle). I'm very excited.
- I also neglected to mention I spent 2-3 hours researching the recipe. Just check the commit history. But that was a fun 2 hours. It's a complicated recipe for sure.
- I found a lovely taiwanese mandarin podcast. Thanks, Abby. You the real G.
- Am I allowed to add a 4th one? Screw it. I'm irrationally excited now that I have a company credit card that I can't even use. I don't know why, but I'm writing it down here. 


## 10/10/21
Today is a cause for celebration for my people? Hmm.

- Did you know that there is DIY vietnamese coffee at the next level? Where they give you little pouches with preground coffee (and you just hang that over a cup) and then just add hot water.. and then they give you a nice packet of condensed milk? I did, but I didn't talk about it until now. Yes, this fills me with joy.
- I managed to (sort of) turn on a ramp yesterday. Practice makes perfect, fellas.
- I now have the pleasure of having shopped at Erewhon for food. It was good, but it hit the wallet really, REALLY hard. I probably won't want to do that again unless I'm on company dime or if I'm not paying.


## 10/9/21
Cleaning in the morning keeps the mind busy.

- The house is pretty clean now. The dyson is low on energy as a result.
- Satisfaction is just as simple as.... ahhh. A cup of lemon water and a (soon to be) full belly.
- Had a lovely bowl of fiery noodles yesterday. My butt is paying the price today.

We swapped out the blankets for warmer ones. It's a bit chilly now.

## 10/8/21
I typed the wrong date yesterday. Whatevs!

- My ancient USB camera (that I "borrowed" from a lab) is still functional. It is now my main work cam so I can keep my laptop lid closed.
- I'm getting a little back into plants vs zombies. Little irritated that the game itself poses a challenge... but isn't that the mark of a good game?
- Got a recycler view working (again). The last time I did it, I don't even recall ever wanting to go through that experience ever again. It was ROUGH.

Looking forwards to driving up to LA today and dinner with the SO.

## 10/7/21

I could get used to this early morning thing. Really.

- Went for a nice early morning run (after my 7 AM call). Realized that coffee before run is a bad idea. Will not repeat that experience.
- Got introduced to the group as a whole today at work during our standup. Nice feels. Also, yay for travel.
- Called with my dearest SO in the morning, who somehow slept even less than the day before. Nuts. :o

Looking forwards to... trip in Hawaii. Plane tickets booked, car rental booked.

## 10/6/21

A bit scattered this morning as I try to pull my habits together!
I have 4-5 of them in training at the moment.

- Got some plain yogurt and plain cereal for breakfast. I enjoyed it, surprised.
- The elliptical posed a decent challenge to my coordination. Much harder than treadmill. Possibly lighter on my knees, too?
- Got my new WF card stuff done. All said and done, was a bit miffed that it wasn't harder. I expected to have to manually change payments everywhere - found out that I had set up direct deposit from my checking... (awkward!)

## 10/5/21
Had a little case of the achies yesterday for not taking care of my eyes and resting.

- Finally got rid of my old trash bin. That thing has been chilling out there for a looooong time. 
- Helped my SO a bit with her concert's preparation (she needed a intro). I don't know actually if I helped, but I lay there and listened.
- Had a pretty good run this morning. I didn't know that it was possible to have 180 heartrate, but then again, this fitbit is a little wonky.

## 10/4/21
A daily reminder to be present and do one thing at a time.
I was following the flow today... but let the water run too much!

- Found an interesting little contraption which shows an image when light is beamed into it. I'll use this eh... B-U4D to help with my focus when I'm a little worried.
- Put away some other stuff I don't need or use into my "donation" box this AM. Small steps make big progress.
- No meetings today! I'm going to spend some time this AM planning. My internet is fading in and out today as well, so....


## 10/3/21
It's hot. Hoooot. Heat wave.

- Had a nice morning catchup + coffee with a friend, with an awkward fail hug to boot.
- Somehow managed to eat a whole head of spinach since I was low on the greens for today. I'm hungry now, though.
- Compressed 2 of my big boxes into 1 box. It's still full, but I'm working on it...


## 10/2/21
Sudden trip, so I had to write this elsewhere..

- Had the most delicious apple pie. It was cold, but still... wow.
- Started reading “taking the war out of our words”. Definitely spotting a lot of avoidance and passiveness patterns that I’m employing.
- The meat yesterday was deliiiishhh. The small little fat cap of meat took the cake. Blackened, wonderfully fatty, like butter. I must be sweating salt out of my pores.


## 10/1/21

Let's kick this month off by committing this file a day early, ok?

- Donated 2 large bags of clothes that were basically never worn. I want to make this a friday thing.
- Going to have meat sweats tonight. We're having brazilian BBQ!
- Caught up with mom (and dad!) yesterday. After acting like an entitled teenager (and most certainly feeling like one now), I had a lot of apologizing to do. I'm glad they are still around.