# 3 things I'm grateful for - September 2021

## 9/30/21

How many days does september even have? I forget.

- I'm up super early. The earliest I'll probably ever be. Do I like waking up at 6:30? Hmm... it's not too bad.
- Minor stresses are pretty much out the door - I'm 99% sure that the wisdom tooth thing isn't going to proceed until I do it my way. Have 2 second opinions scheduled just for safety.
- Spent some time last night reading a positivity book and analyzing/workshopping myself while chatting with the SO. Definitely a world apart from what I used to do with my nights. Was in bed before 11 and knocked out. 


## 9/29/21

And... preparing the next entry in advance might help too!

- It's national coffee day, apparently. I have my watery cold brew. Too much water, too little beans. Ah, the lovely little things..
- Read a little article from Mad Ned about management. It's good to get a perspective from somebody who knows they are an IC at heart.
- Talked to the folks yesterday about 3 teeth being pulled and rightfully got some concerns lit up there. Going to see if I can take it down to 1 first and not being put under, costs be darned.

## 9/28/21

Typing this the night before ensures I'll really get it done!

- I'll be finally getting my remaining wisdom teeth out... this saturday. All 3 of them! At once! I'll also be put under (thankfully) for about an hour. And I was able to easily get my SO and my roommate (as backup) to at least agree to drive me back.
- Got some wonderful cookies from friends yesterday. Yes, I do love a good shortbread.
- I ritualized going to bed yesterday. Changed lights to blue, filled up water, did everything right. I did wake up 2 times during the night, but I feel refreshed and amazed. Had a wonderful morning thus far - woke up, ran, etc.

## 9/27/21

You know you're beholden to amazon when you go to whole foods twice in a day and also insist on a desk mat being sent ASAP through your prime membership.

- That bento we had yesterday was seriously amazing. Also, those plastic containers were NOT cheap. We could probably re-use those..
- Nice early morning cardio session where I listened to a podcast about Andrew Jackson. Controversial president indeed.
- My new desk is heavy... but it stands up! I'll just leave it like that. It actually looks better this way. 

## 9/26/21

Early morning seaside adventures.

- My SO is getting good at driving. She drove us back! Slight scare for a near accident as we were changing lanes, but she learned.
- Went for a walk by the sea this morning. I got my feet dirty and saw the waves, and began reading a sales book.
- Having my heat compress early in the morning is great. I think I should do that more often.

## 9/25/21

I nearly forgot. Oooof.

- Had a wonderful time watching Shang-Chi with my roommate and our SOs. Plenty of action and mystery as expected.
- Resolved (somewhat) the travel problem. I'll be staying put for the next 2 months essentially. I'm relieved.
- That random coffee I plucked off the shelf in safeway was really good! Like, really good!


## 9/24/21

Yesterday was... difficult.

- Talked to my boss today, it's starting to come together. Slowly. I feel a bit more aware of what is expected of me. I'll be laughing in a year or so at how silly and green I was now. Have several 1-1 to set up and lots of training. 
- My housemate pointed out that I wasn't washing my hands before touching things sometimes. Man, I'm certainly a dirty, dirty gremlin.... 
- Had my teeth cleaned! And a possible lead for my "headaches" - my wisdom teeth (the ones on the left) are going a little out of control. I want 'em removed. Who knows... that might be the actual trigger.

## 9/23/21

Ah, so cool. Also, my hair is all but gone.

- Answered a lot of questions today during security training. Me and the other dude were the only ones participating. Perhaps this is where my true passion lies? Ha..
- My SO sent me some beautiful stress green peas. Yes, you heard that right... you squeeze them, and they come out and go back in. The center pea has eyes.
- I did my daily cardio while listening to a wonderful podcast about the statue of liberty. Talk about a massive project... in the time of no project management tools! Amazing.

## 9/22/21

It was a high of 90+ yesterday.
And it's not going to let up today either..

- I'm getting a haircut today. At last! I think I will lose 1 pound of hair at least. (I jest)
- I got my new hire swag today. New mug, new pens, new backpack. Aww, yeah!
- Went to target for a home cloffice upgrade. It's starting to come together now... starting to address the smaller concerns now. New desk has also been ordered (courtesy of new company)

## 9/21/21

It's going to be a high of 86 today?
Man, I do love long summers.

- Made my roommate a cup of coffee today. Sharing the love, sharing the love of Kilenso. (thank you, coava).

- Had a fun half hour on the treadmill listening to a podcast about the Boston Massacre. (before the revolutionary war) I didn't think I'd get into this stuff, but I'm enjoying it!

- My cloffice is more than 50% complete. It's surprisingly spacious and after changing the light bulb, feels just fine. I'm glad that I even had a closet large enough to begin with.


## 9/20/21

It's back to work!
Why do we call it death by zoom?

Shouldn't it be.. zooming to death? 

- Doesn't look like I'm the only SE on my team (time will tell), which should be much better. Having a rival? Friend? makes the process of onboarding much easier. (Edit: BTW - I am the only SE on my team. Ahh.)

- I had the most exquisite spicy hotpot yesterday and I am a happy camper. I'm grateful, but the toilet bowl may not be as thrilled.

- My "cloffice" idea might be a green light go. I am excited. Yes, we can hope to use my gigantic closet as an office now that I am perma WFH.


## 9/19/21

KBBQ tastes great for the first few bites.
And then... you're sweating at the end.


When was the last bite really, the last bite?
Anyway...

- The house has been cleaned. The bedroom specifically now is the plant room and it's wonderful.

- Had fabulous ice cream yesterday. I don't usually go to that spot despite being right next to it, but I was treating a few friends from out of town.

- I more or less finished the first book of the Wanderer's Odyssey. I just realized I've lived 2X+ years without being able to spell, "Odyssey". Fabulous.


## 9/18/21

That coffee from yesterday made my day a little less happy.
Note to self: people do buy coffee for a reason. It's consistent.
I made it waaay too strong. 

- We still managed to get mango sticky rice yesterday. It was wonderful.

- Listened to a great podcast about Edison and his improvement, not invention, of the lightbulb. Was pretty inspirational to hear. Next, I get to hear about his little beef with Tesla.

- Had a good morning workout! Half an hour of cardio, and another half hour of some basic lifting. I usually end up skipping, so I'm glad I did. 


## 9/17/21

Late morning... also, I made the coffee super strong today on purpose. Regrets.
New grinder on the way though!

- I slept in. It was wonderful. Normally, I wake up at 7/7:30 - today was nice. Just lying in bed, not having to deal with anything. Got out around 9 AM.

- Took a covid test due to our recent trip. Results came back negative! (which is a positive thing)

- We had a happy accident - I finally figured out why my coffee grind was producing uneven grounds. One of the ceramic plates for my burr grinder was cracked. I've been seeing the ground being super inconsistent for almost a half year - great to finally find the reason. 


## 9/16/21

Back in LA, going through mails, papers, and organizing.

- Made a cup of coffee. (will i ever get sick of this) And it wasn't too strong - it was just perfect. 20g of beans (coava kilenso), 350g of water at the perfect temperature. 

- Waved hi to our building manager and she waved back. It's good that we have her readily available (over email and in person!) - the other building managers I've seen are nonexistent and are seldom available..

- Brough $10 to the coin/bill changer downstairs and it was working. It sometimes chooses to not work (no coins in machine) but it DID!

## 9/15/21

Final day in Portland, final day of vacation.

- Had a great cup of coffee today. Actually, many great cups of coffee today. And sharing the amount with my SO means I'm not overly caffinated...

- We got to the airport and through airport security with no stress or major worries. Yeah, we got stopped for 3 bags, but it was all in good fun. LAX didn’t stop us from taking out our kindles or my SO's keyboard...

- We had some bomb ass Burmese food (coconut rice!) and Lebanese food (Fried cauliflower) at the food trucks at the asylum. Man, that was good...

## 9/14/21

I'm reading a book about happiness, so I started this habit.
I aspire to be a person who seeks to see the beauty in the world first rather than flaws.

- I had a cup of good coffee this morning from a coffee roaster I enjoy.

- I woke up today without a big headache! Yay.

- I took a quick walk with music this morning and the weather was cool and nice - quite relaxing and meditative.